Add note about custom Event Catalog domain (#118)
svix/svix-docs: docs/event-types.mdx

- **Make Public:** Whether or not the Event Catalog will be publicly accessible from **svix.com**.
- **Display Name:** _Required to make your Event Catalog public._ The display name will be shown in the heading of the published page. It should be the name of your company or product.

### Custom domains

> If you want to make the Event Catalog accessible from your own custom domain, [contact us](/get-help/).

Reviewer: Needs some work, we'll talk about it on Monday. :)

> ### Custom domains
> If you want to show the Event Catalog from your own custom domain, such as **webhooks.example.com**, rather than the default **svix.com**, you can! [Contact us](https://www.svix.com/contact/) and we'll help you set it up. Pro and Enterprise tiers only.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Customers on the Professional and Enterprise tiers can also have the Event Catalog served from their own domain, such as **webhooks.example.com** rather than the default **www.svix.com**. Please [contact us](https://www.svix.com/contact/) and we'll help you set it up.

```
